[Applause]
carrying it around I mean what in the
hell have you been carrying around I'm
still tripping about it I would think so
you probably thought you were done
winning awards right yeah man I hadn't
won a championship in two really really
long time so here we are
yeah this is unbelievable it really is
unbelievable you know you now have more
Oscars than Shaq and Michael Jordan
combined Space Jam in Kazan were both
awesome go their own ways yet always
yeah but no this is just a fantastic
fantastic I don't think I've ever seen
you this happy I have to say this is not
supposed to have I'm supposed to play
basketball and you know and is this
where it is something that wins an Oscar
will you be going for a Grammy I mean
are you gonna record it's not even sound
good in the shower okay all right I'll
let that be so well you're at the Oscars
you're sitting there and I'm wondering
about you and I was thinking about you
for a lot of the night because I'm
wondering like how it compares to
playing basketball like are you nervous
wise how does it compare like sitting
there waiting to hear your name or maybe
not hearing your name and having being
the guy who's taking the last shot I
thought it was actually going to be
easier mm-hmm cuz you're not in control
there's no direct competition going on
right where you're affecting now comes
it's gonna eat me out of your country
out of my control it's gonna be easy
it's cool and then once he gets closer
and closer you start feeling butterflies
in your stomach my feelings and I
realized it's actually worse because I'm
not in control of the outcome right
there and then we know our award is
coming up next and then they go to
commercial
here my wife are like oh you gotta be
kidding come on let's go let's go
already
Glen Keane who was your collaborator on
this he's director and animator gave
most of the speech I think everybody's
kind of hoping to hear from you and you
got to say a little something was that
the plan going out no
Glynn is like the sweetest guy in the
world obviously a genius and but he oh
he's a storyteller heart so things tend
to drag out oh I see yeah so you know I
didn't know this when you go up on a
stage and they literally have like the
biggest countdown clock in the world
yeah like right in front of you it's
like 45 44 but I mean see it looks like
massive numbers you're used to getting
it in before that clock expires to it
I'm just right everybody else is like in
love with the clock pass the ball to me
with five seconds left on the clock and
I was like what did you want to say that
that you didn't get to say well the most
important part I got out was just
thinking my wife and taking our daughter
yeah that's the most important thing
first sure but you know outside of that
you know I think it's uh this is a
fascinating industry to be a part of but
I think you know for us going forward
it's it's you know how do we how do I
carry this night beyond this night
that's always how you think isn't it but
it has to be right because now there's a
greater sense of responsibility of you
know how do I create how do I provide
more opportunities for even more diverse
and new voices to be heard in this
industry I say and like in the animation
business I mean it's a serious lack of
diversity there is it is that true I was
a serious liked it when I won the award
the other night I was the first African
American to ever win that award in that
category
[Applause]
there's a lot of work that needs to be
done and I am extremely excited you know
I granted these studios with acclaim
we're really excited to push that
forward
yeah well that's well that's a good way
to look at it for sure so you want to do
more of this kind of stuff oh absolutely
is acting something you want to do it is
not very like I'm much rather write and
put the story together almost every
actor I spoke to and a lot of them came
through here after the various Oscar
events there's a luncheon before him
they were by far most excited about the
fact that you were there
so other actors are like a great
whatever but like for instance Timothy
sha'lame was was actually like kind of
shocked that you would even take a
moment to get in the background of this
photograph and this is Francis McDormand
[Applause]
it was there anybody there and besides
obviously you were excited to meet
Francis McDormand that yeah just
couldn't believe you were talking to
Allison is incredible and I think for us
personally mean Hermione Granger was
like oh really
she's transitioned out of that but not
are you your mind to us right and I met
her when she was really really young she
came to a Laker game uh-huh and but to
see our there with my wife who's Ellis
pretty what parties did you guys go to
after work
so we did Vanity Fair yeah we did okay
party I have a little present for you
it's anything I don't know if you use
this but I want you to have this because
I think this would be great this is for
Oscar actually not for you
you
or maybe you just want to change it out
can put that right let's go son Oscar
if you liked that video click Subscribe
and we'll be together until one of us
dies